We're almost done with this course
but there's one more thing I want to show you.
In the beginning of this course, I mentioned that single page applications and progressive web apps are
not related at all,
these are not alternatives to each other.
Instead you can turn your single page application into a progressive web app by simply adding some of
the features and enhancing this application, just as you can do it with any application.
And the tools I showed you in this course can be used in the exact same way as I showed them in any application,
no matter if it's a single page one, a multi-page one, whatever.
Nonetheless in this module, I briefly want to show you how to turn a React, Vue and Angular app into
a progressive web app.
Now I won't take a complex finished one to be honest,
I'll instead show you how you can quickly get started to create your next React, Vue or Angular project
as a progressive web app.
If you want to transform an existing one, we're back to what I told you in the course, simply add the
features, service worker and so on to the existing application
but as this module would show,
it's also easy to get started with a progressive web app right from the start
when creating a new project with one of these frameworks.